c:\users\jariza\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnionArch\OnionArch.DependencyResolution\bin\Debug\OnionArch.DependencyResolution.dll
c:\users\jariza\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnionArch\OnionArch.DependencyResolution\bin\Debug\OnionArch.DependencyResolution.pdb
c:\users\jariza\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnionArch\OnionArch.DependencyResolution\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\jariza\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnionArch\OnionArch.DependencyResolution\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\jariza\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnionArch\OnionArch.DependencyResolution\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\jariza\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnionArch\OnionArch.DependencyResolution\bin\Debug\OnionArch.Core.dll
c:\users\jariza\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnionArch\OnionArch.DependencyResolution\bin\Debug\OnionArch.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\jariza\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnionArch\OnionArch.DependencyResolution\bin\Debug\StructureMap.dll
c:\users\jariza\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnionArch\OnionArch.DependencyResolution\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\jariza\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnionArch\OnionArch.DependencyResolution\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\jariza\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnionArch\OnionArch.DependencyResolution\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
c:\users\jariza\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnionArch\OnionArch.DependencyResolution\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\jariza\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnionArch\OnionArch.DependencyResolution\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\jariza\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnionArch\OnionArch.DependencyResolution\bin\Debug\WebActivator.dll
c:\users\jariza\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnionArch\OnionArch.DependencyResolution\bin\Debug\OnionArch.Core.pdb
c:\users\jariza\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnionArch\OnionArch.DependencyResolution\bin\Debug\OnionArch.Infrastructure.pdb
c:\users\jariza\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnionArch\OnionArch.DependencyResolution\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\jariza\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnionArch\OnionArch.DependencyResolution\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\jariza\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnionArch\OnionArch.DependencyResolution\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\jariza\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnionArch\OnionArch.DependencyResolution\bin\Debug\StructureMap.pdb
c:\users\jariza\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnionArch\OnionArch.DependencyResolution\bin\Debug\StructureMap.xml
c:\users\jariza\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnionArch\OnionArch.DependencyResolution\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\jariza\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnionArch\OnionArch.DependencyResolution\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\jariza\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnionArch\OnionArch.DependencyResolution\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
c:\users\jariza\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnionArch\OnionArch.DependencyResolution\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\jariza\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnionArch\OnionArch.DependencyResolution\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
